Answers: <Google Sheet link>

Please answer the below core-java Questions:

A.
What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
Answer: JDK stand for Java Development kit. Jdk use to developing the java application.
Javac is javac compiler time. Compiler is kind of interpreter. JavaC check the application and find the then
deliver to Jvm. JVC is stand for Java virtual machine. This is basically java runtime environment. This time
java application will run in machine.

What is IDE?
Answer: A Java IDE stand for Integrated Development Environment) .Using the ide is easy to user write and debug the
java program.


What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
Answer; 1. BlueJ 2. Codenvy 3. DrJava 4.Eclipse
5. Greenfoot 6.IntelliJ IDEA 7. JCreator.
8Oracle) JDeveloper.

Explain the entire java life cycle.
Answer: First  java app create the java application which has the class,object and method. After creating the ful java
application , it goes to javac which is compiler. Compiler job the check java application and find the error. If there
is an error it wouldn't process and it will give the come back to the user to fix the problem. Compiler delivery the
java application when it is readable. After that Compiler will create the bytecode and send it JVM. JVM is java virtual
machine. Jvm basically  run the java application so it called java runtime environment.

what is class?
Answer: Class is blueprint of an object. Java application use class to create the object.

What is object?
Answer:Simply object is instance of class. Object help connect all the method with main method.

What is the entry point of an application?
Answer: public static void main(String args[]

Why main is static?
Answer: Main is static because it allows main the without creating the object of the class. Basically every method need
the object but using the static keyword we call the directly without object.

Which class is the superclass of all classes?

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
what is Access Specifier?
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
Answer: Jar stand  for Java ARchive

What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?
What is Collections Framework?
What is Collection and Collections?
Explain what is main method?
What is StringBuffer and String Builder?
What do you understand by Thread Safe?
What are the latest changes in Java 8?
What do you understand by default method in Java?










